Added doc updates for DCGM (#3201)
geopm/geopm: service/docs/source/geopm_pio_dcgm.7.rst

Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^

To use the GEOPM DCGM signals and controls GEOPM must be compiled against the DCGM libraries and must be run on a system with hardware supported by DCGM.  

> To compile against the oneAPI LevelZero libraries geopm must be configured using both the ``--enable-nvml flag`` and the ``--enable-dcgm`` flag.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile against the NVML and DGCM libraries geopm must be configured using both the ``--enable-nvml flag`` and the ``--enable-dcgm`` flag.  
```

> The optional ``--with-dcgm`` flag may be used to indicate the path of the required libraries.

Reviewer: I believe there is also a --with-nvml flag?

The DCGM IOGroup requires an instance of nv-hostengine be running on the node prior to loading the IOGroup.   
For DCGM installation and usage information see the `DCGM Getting Started Guide <https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/dcgm/latest/user-guide/getting-started.html>`
The DCGM IOGroup will connect to a running nv-hostengine instance if it is available when the geopm service is started.  
If the nv-hostengine is stopped the geopm DCGM Signals will throw an error of the form: "Error getting latest values for fields in read_batch: Host engine connection invalid/disconnected"
Restarting the nv-hostengine and the geopm service are required to restore access to DCGM signals.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a note about the lines that should be added to the geopm.service unit file to support DCGM?
